feature: added middleware layer and openapi request validation possib… (#3107)
oat-sa/tao-core: models/classes/Middleware/README.md

> #Middlewares usage

Reviewer: - [ ] Do not forget to add an example on how to register a middleware and create one :)

# Middlewares usage crash course

### How to create and enable new one:

1. Ensure PSR15 compatibility (implement `\Psr\Http\Server\MiddlewareInterface`)
2. Ensure it's accessible with ServiceManager (extends `ConfigurableService`)
3. To activate please refer `\oat\tao\model\Middleware\MiddlewareManager::append`

> 4. To deactivate `\oat\tao\model\Middleware\MiddlewareManager::detach`

Reviewer: I would create a sample code here for better understanding. Example:

```
class MyNewMiddleware extends ConfigurableService implements MiddlewareInterface
{
    public function process(ServerRequestInterface $request, RequestHandlerInterface $handler): ResponseInterface
    {
        // My middleware logic here...

        return $handler->handle($request);
    }
}
```

> NB: Currently, middlewares can be attached only to the concrete routes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NB: Currently, middlewares can be attached only to static routes
```

#### Sample

```injectablephp
$this->getServiceManager()->get(MiddlewareManager::class)
            ->append( new MiddlewareContext(
            [
                MiddlewareContext::PARAM_ROUTE => '/http/uri',
                MiddlewareContext::PARAM_MIDDLEWARE_ID => 'middlewareID'
            ]

>         ))->getMiddlewareHandler();

Reviewer: What is this `getMiddlewareHandler` for in the example?
